Riders

Charities are doing so much great work to help deal with the homeless and refugee crises.  But without a centralised web based spare
room platform, they are reliant on their individual bricks and mortar relationships with hosts. icarebnb is the
airbnb for the 'haves' who also have a deep sense of social responsibility.  Our mission is to help charities help the homeless and help refugees.
That mission relies on you.

If you have one of the millions of spare rooms in the UK, please register[link] so that you can be ready to
offer that room to someone who risks becoming another person on the streets. You will stay in complete control of
who you host, which homeless charities you support.  Indeed, you stay in control of the whole hosting process -
registering creates no commitment but can be the start of a wonderful journey to help get vulnerable people's lives back on track.

There are so many stories that show that the people who need your help are just like you:

Tracy (quote taken from the Crisis[link] website) “I was in a rental property for fourteen years. The landlord decided out of the blue that he
was selling it. There was no formal eviction notice. After fourteen years, I was given two weeks
to move out. Previously we'd always had a good relationship, then he started to harass me.
When I left it was awful. The locks were changed and the door closed behind me for good.
Saying goodbye to all my neighbours, I couldn’t believe it was happening. I just felt lost."

Sireena (quote taken from the Shelter[link] website).  "All Sireena wants this Christmas is a place she can call home.
When she was a kid, Christmas was warm, safe, and exciting for Sireena.
She’d wake up at the crack of dawn, unwrap presents, and play with new toys.
But now, that’s the sort of Christmas Sireena can only dream of giving her son.
Sireena became homeless after being evicted by her landlord.
After a year of sleeping on friends’ sofas, Sireena was only offered a squalid one bedroom flat by the council.

The place had just a table-top hob and no drinking water.
With nowhere to clean her and her son’s clothes or wash dishes,
Sireena was left with no option but to do this on her knees in the shower."


Lisa (quote taken from the Nightstop[link] website).  Lisa was just 16 years old when she left home.
Her relationship with her adopted parents had reached breaking point.
She left with nothing but the clothes on her back, she didn’t even have a mobile phone: “I had no money.
I literally had nothing. It was so cold over those first few days, so frosty.
Something went down in my family I needed somewhere to go long-term,
but there was no long-term accommodation straight up.
I knew I couldn’t go home again. So Nightstop came in and helped me to get support.
[When she heard there was a bed with Nightstop available] “I was relieved that someone was willing to help me.
For them to let a complete stranger to come and stay…
I hadn’t done anything to deserve it and they were just willing to open up their house for me.

Quote taken from Refugees at Home[link website].
“I cannot express enough my appreciation and admiration for A and
N. They were kind, respectful, understanding and considerate in
every way possible. I learned a lot from them and they truly made me feel
that I was among family and at home. I’ll always be grateful for the help
and support they offered me.

“Last but not least, thank you for your help finding a place in London.
After arriving, I found a job and a room for myself, this would not have
been possible without your help.  Many thanks and best wishes, E, guest”
